Koch:Teaches well and is overall pretty laid back. Doesn’t care about what you do as long as it’s not stupid. 8.5/10
Koch:I have beef with her because of an incident. Won’t deny that she is a good teacher though, and is in the middle of the grading harshness scale. 7/10
Koch:Pretty good teacher especially for late in the day, I’ve never seen her mad at anyone and she’s super chill. Grades ICTW’s kinda rough, but I guess that’s making us better(?) 9/10

Nichols:She gets off topic sometimes, but her grades are somewhat strict but fair, and is really chill. 8/10
Nichols:A good mix of tough grading and good teaching, she’s chill but will prepare you for next year. Honestly my favorite class of the day. She acts like a chill senior. As far as ICTW grading goes, she is probably 1-2 points higher than Gerik, and like 7-8 lower than Koch. She also will make you put phones up. - Side note, she did falsely accuse me of using AI, but that was a systematic check and she actually didn’t pursue it further, despite the district guidelines. 10/10

Nichols:Very chill i don't think she yelled at my class in the entire year, better than most teachers at teaching harder at grading tho,makes you play vocab game. 7/10 
Nichols:Classical white teacher who believes that an 80 is a good grade. If it is for you then ur going to do great. Otherwise, you’ll find that your other grades will be pulling your average down. I’ve never seen her give a hundred yet but I feel like she grades rather fairly, if strictly.
Gerik:Pretty laid back, will tell you to get off your phone though. Good at instructing and reading, pretty nice and I haven’t seen her get mad yet. She’s harsh at grading and takes pretty long to put in grades, especially ICTWs. 7/10
Gerik: I didn’t have the greatest time in her class (she hates me), she grades ictw’s wayyyy too harsh, and she wakes you up if you sleep in class :/ 4/10 — [side note from someone else, I was sleeping right in front of her in the front row WHILE she was teaching and she didn’t even bother on waking me up]

Gerik:She's pretty laid back and is good for both introverts and extroverts, grades pretty harshly but will set you up for the future so I guess that's a plus. I do find her pretty boring and she won't let you put your head down T-T Monkey/ 10
Gerik:She’s a great teacher and can teach well. Grades harshly but fairly. Idk what yall are talking about when you say she tells you to keep your head up, she lets me lie my head down often as long as i do my work. 8.5/10
Gerik:she’s pretty laidback and chill as a person, however her grading on the ICTWs is rather… questionable. She takes longer than usual (as in 5 of the six weeks of each grading cycle) to release grades, which are also considerably low as she’s a lot more strict with grading. It’s annoying, but I won’t complain too much because it helps with the AP exam. She also will wake you up in class if you fall asleep and she doesn’t like phones. Overall though she can teach fairly well and she isn’t bad at all, 6.5/10
Gerik:she’s not that bad just really harsh on ictw and phone use, 7/10
Gerik:She is rly laid back and generally nice and very chill. But I dont like her teaching styles. Go to other teachers’ tutorials (Nichols) if you ac wanna learn and get good grades. She grades ICTWs like its AP lang, so unless you absolutely cook, expect a high 70 to a low 80 at best for the avg ICTW. Also can be rly dry at times. PROCRASTINATES GRADING UNTIL THE LAST SECOND OF THE LAST MINTUE OF THE SIX WEEKS, YOULL GET YOUR FALL ICTW GRADES AS CHRISTMAS GIFTS.(5.75/10)

Gerik:shes tough grader but shes chill person and u can talk to her 7/10
Gerik:had a hard time in english 1 cuz of her it’s easy to get a B but not to get an A (5.5/10)
Gerik: I’m pretty sure she didn’t even post the ICTW grades for a six weeks at one point bc she didn’t finish. I’m also kind of certain she gave everyone a 100 in the second semester ictw part of the final exam, bc I got a full marks on it(I’m just better) 4/10
Gerik: 6/10 she's nice to you if you stay on task and not be too noisy, but grades insanely late. I had an A so it's achievable but you have to cook with your analysis. The grading isn't as bad after experiencing English 2, but you don't learn anything in her ictw teachings. Was decently nice until the end of the year where she was super unsympathetic to someone who called in about a kid who had to leave because they had an anxiety attack while presenting and just said “well they're gonna have to at some point”.
Gerik:She’s rly nice and would def help you but her grading is so slow. Everyone whos had her will tell you it takes forever for her to put grades in. ik people complain abt her grading hard but its honestly doable you can def get an a 7/10
Farris:very nice, also a good teacher and a fair grader. Good at helping prepare her students for tests and quizzes while also making English, a heinous subject, somewhat enjoyable and doable for her students. 10/10 
Farris: I mean what do I put other than 10/10? She always helps you, and she literally gives you an overview of tests and quizzes of e.g. how many questions, what types, what the test/assignment would be over, etc. 10/10 I don’t think I’ve ever had a bad english teacher in my life.
Farris:Good teacher, grades too easy imo even if its normal grading by this schools standards its not really harsh enough. 9/10
Farris:My favorite teacher in 9th grade, was chill about the phones until almost no one was putting it up and made us put them up. The phone thing was the only thing she was kinda strict about. Super nice and you can talk to her like your friend and tell her about your day. She’ll even listen if you rant about somethingin school like a bad teacher or something. One day i was feeling down and she asked if i was ok. Best teacher. 10/10
Farris:Fav teacher in 9th grade too, really nice person.
Farris:9/10, really nice teacher, but her grading honestly made me suffer sophomore year. She does however grade more strictly towards the end of the year but not to the scale of english 2 teachers. 
Garcia:For an ACA teacher, she really cares way too much about what we’re doing in class. FIncidents have happened that show she discriminates unfairly against former KAP/GT kids. She also gets on people way too much for sleeping in class, but at least she doesn’t grade super hard. 2/10
Garcia:Picked on black people and glazed me
Singh:Annoying asf and cares way too much. She is ironically funny sometimes, and her son is chill. She also doesn’t completely check my work. 2/10
Singh: She is okay, sometimes can get really annoying, she does call out a lot of students for talking, but hey, every teacher does that. One thing I like about her, or maybe, dislike, is that when she checks work, she just checks if you have done it and not accuracy. 4/10
Singh:I mean she’s not horrible, I’ve had worse science teachers. She really only gets on the kids who do stupid stuff and don’t do their work, at least in my class. She mostly grades for completion and not accuracy which is cool, but she always expects you to keep working after you’re done with the work. There’s also always more assignments to do after tests and quizzes which is a lil annoying. 5/10

Singh:Average tbh, not a hard class though and she’s pretty reasonable most times just stay on her good side and you’ll be fine. 7/10
Singh:Greatest bio teacher to exist. So funny to talk to. 10/10
Singh:If you get your stuff done and prove that you're smarter than the dumbasses in your class she’s nice to you. She knew me kind of well because I was in the same orchestra as her son 9/10
Singh:Shes actually not that bad. Everyone complaining about her would literally have no issues if they actually did their work tried to listen and do their homework in class. Just be a decent studnet and youre fine 7/10
Laya:She’s really young for a teacher, like 25 or something, and she can be pretty chill, but she’ll still get mad at you. Her classes are always pretty fun. 7/10
Laya:New teachers are always a blast, she's chill, just don't do anything stupid with her and you're set for a good time. 7.5/10
Laya:She’s very energetic and also chill if you don’t act up. Be sure to participate in class and also be a cooperative student and she’ll like you. Overall she’s chill unless you do something really dumb. 8/10
Laya: She's chill, just don't do something dumb. 7.5/10
Laya: Pay attention 8/10 
Laya:She’s cool but gets kinda annoying if you’re even slightly off task (6/10)
Tran:Words cannot describe how much of a GOAT this teacher is, he does NOT care what you do in class (if ur smart), and teaches really well, he’s very lenient with grades, and he gives out candy, he might be the best teacher i've ever had. 10000/10

Tran:The goat 10/10
Tran:Is there even anything to say? ∞/10
Tran:Best teacher ever 10/10
Tran:what can i say? Definitely the best teacher in bio 10/10
Headley:She is acc so good like really nice teacher good at teaching gives life advice and is all around really great 10/10
Headley:She’s an incredibly nice mom-like figure. If u do your work she will dote on you like hell, but if you slack off, she will get hella pressed. She is so incredibly corny (her jokes) though, to the point where you want to shrivel up and die. 9.5/10
Headley:Best science teacher ive every had! I visit her every so often 10/10

Vu:I hate her. Has the most gen-z speaking style but acts like we should respect her and her 5 year old mannerisms. Hands out these stupid bio notebooks and expects you to read all of them like you actually care about it. After a test, you just sit there and stare at a wall or read. She won’t even let you use your computer or finish classwork from another class. I got yelled at and got an email for literally just trying to sleep during class, and if you’re on her bad side, she shoves you at the front of her classroom and glares at you from her desk. 0/10
Vu:Kinda mid, tries gen z slang and fails terribly. Not bad at teaching to social for me tho 5/10 “LOCKIN YALL”
Vu:Yeah she may or may not have publicly humiliated an asian for “not living up to the stereotype” and she uses way too much slang
Azripe: She’s pretty chill, doesn’t teach that much but also cares about her class. She is pretty on top of grading and grades more assignments than an average science teacher. Solid 9.
Azripe:Very chill teacher, she makes sure you know what you’re doing but other than that doesn’t bother you, only downside is that she grades notes (but I’m sure that’s a good thing in some people’s eyes.) 9/10
Azripe:9/10 very sweet, punctual grader. Stuff makes sense in her class and will explain stuff to you if ur confused. Just study and it's a pretty easy a.

Azripe:Amazng teacher,s he grades so easily and was one of the most freest teachers. I loved her a a teacher and she even takes grades and doenst count as late.10/10

Kenney: I’m pretty sure she’s bipolar, but she loves her job and will teach you Spanish well. She’s also one of the nicest graders, especially at the start of the year. If you get a bad reputation with her though, it might not be a very fun class. If you are a favorite you will see that she is very genuine and a hard worker, but otherwise, you might not have the greatest experience. Either way, she’s a good teacher. 8/10
Kenney:Only had her for 9 weeks, so I’m not giving a rating. She does a good job with vocab, but she gets really strict whenever you do something mildly annoying to her and hates you with a passion. For me that was correcting my name’s pronunciation. NA Rating since I had her for a short time, but if it was for a full year possibly 6/10.
Kenney:Seems like a bad teacher at first but you come to realize that she’s really nice and can actually help you succeed. Has a true passion for learning and encourages students 8.5/10
Kenney:INSANELY bipolar, acts like everyone likes her but she is really passive aggressive. Insanely free grading tho. No chance you get a B if you have her but definitely not a good time in the class. 6/10
Schrick: If this is your teacher. END YOUR LIFE. QUIT SPANISH. ITS FREAKING OVER (Idk if you can curse here).  -1182948194880213579817598798247124/0.1 (its that bad trust me)
Schrick:Easy grader and teacher. She is very chill. She also starts off at an 80 on writings and adds points instead of a zero. Therefore, the lowest you can get is an 80. 10/10. (Note this is satire)
Schrick:Absolutely hate this class, I finish work early and she gets mad and lectures me for going ahead. Some of my friends have also had issues with her grading, with false accusations of using Google Translate and ChatGPT which were not rescinded after the assignments were proven to be written by my friends. She does a decent job of teaching the language, but is needlessly strict, especially with people who don’t wait for the rest of the class. 2/10 No me gusta.
Schrick:For Spanish 2, she’s not the  best teacher. First sem, she was demonic asl because our class was hella lazy. Her style of teaching is drier than the sahara, and its the only class where i look at my watch every 10 minutes. She can be really nice if she wants to, but most of the time, she’s not. If anything, pay VERY close attention in class, and always click save on your Conjuguemos. She will assign random homework and not mention it for weeks until the day its due. (Not doing that TWICE nearly got me a B). Really nice towards the end of the year because she loved our class. Overall 3/10 teacher, i dont like spanish as much as before because of her.

Granato:Pretty chill overall, she will get mad for reasonable things though, like not having a paper 
she gave you a couple days ago, not a harsh grader but also not easy 8/10 

Saldana:THE GOAT, this teacher is great, idgaf if hes like corny or something sometimes but he will make sure u know the information

Winfield:Fairly chill teacher, great at teaching and nice, has a sense of humor. Sometimes is harsh on grading but you usually can see why you deserve your grade. 9/10
Winfield:she checks ur hw so do ur hw and besides that shes a normal teacher like nothing special but she is very good at lecturing and she gives partial 10/10
Winfield:Chill teacher, not too strict on deadlines just do ur hw answers dont have to be right just attempt and u get a 100. 10/10
Winfield:10/10 very good at teaching, has a fairly past pace so always listen in class and keep up with homework

Kozak:GOAT OF ALL GOATS. AMAZING TEACHER, GREAT VIBES. IMAGINE ONE OF  US, BUT THEY ARE OUR TEACHER. ALSO YOU CAN DO ANYTHING IN HIS CLASS, AND HE WON’T CARE. HE ALSO DOESN’T MAKE HOMEWORKS A GRADE. 249839858943284375394/10

Kozak: UNDISPUTED GOAT. THE GENUINE HOLY GRAIL OF ALL TEACHERS. GREATEST CLASS IN MODERN SLHS HISTORY. NO HOMEWORK GRADES. NO RULES OR LIMITATIONS. HE IS NOT BOUND TO ANY RULES. W HUMAN. INFINITY/10

Kozak:AZIZ DONT WALK LIKE HIM. AZIZ DONT TALK LIKE HIM. AZIZ WISHES TO BE ____ 

Kozak:BEST ALG2 TEACHER EVER PLAYS VIDEO GAMES, POKER, AND DOESNT CARE ABT ANYTHING YOU’RE SET

Stevens:He’s nice and pretty chill, but he cannot be interesting to save his life. Good class for napping, but it has a lot of homework. - He doesn’t grade very nicely. 6/10
Stevens:He’s kinda monotone all the time, pops the occasional joke, but its a good class to catch up on sleep, 8/10
Stevens:Definitely a very chill and nice teacher. I can tell from his 3rd period that he could get sort of strict, but it’s not a big deal. (one thing i hate about him is his STUPID TURTLE OBSESSION ISTG PLEASE STOP PUTTING THOSE FREAKING TURTLE QUESTIONS ON TESTS) but overall chill, 9/10

Stevens:STOP WITH THE FUCKING TURTLES PLS IM BEGGING otherwise he’s ok, really dry but once during a fire alarm he told us beforehand and let us get our phones. 8/10.

Stevens:The definition of chill. His teaching style is boring, but thats not a big deal. Pay attention though. Having him first thing in the morning is horrible, as the info during lecture goes like an In-n-Out burger through your head. He’s really nice and during class dont be afraid of just going up to him and asking for a hint on a worksheet problem, he'll explain it really well. Harsh but fair grader. (8.5/10)

Aziz:Very chill, teaches well too, you can also have conversations about stuff like the Premier League. 10/10

Aziz:very chill teacher who only really cares about what matters + very lenient with homework grading. Lets you draw generously on his whiteboard 9/10

Aziz:goated teacher, literally the best of the best. 10/10. He lets you get on your phone, move around, and even whisper during lecture. Just don’t be like a certain individual in this year’s 7th period and throw a water bottle or stuff like that and you’re SET (wait was it jake lmao??)-yes, whoever asked it was Jake

Aziz:GOAT! YOU CAN DO ANYTHING IN THIS CLASS! HE IS PRACTICALLY A STUDENT, MOST CASUAL CONVERSATIONS WITH A TEACHER. Also free gum. 9999/10

Little:Laid-back and really chill, pretty alright at teaching, he’s always willing to help and answer questions. He doesn’t like it when people talk over him or when they don’t do their work/on their phone.  9/10

Little:Will make sure that you engage by calling on you but never as the way as tho you need to know, friendly and helpful plus hes new and understands student troubles, as long as you have good grades does not care ab phones unless your too loud 9/10

Little:Really chill and lets me nap sometimes. Readily helps with anything if you have a question and can explain/teach really well. Also very open to help if you need to come in early for a tutorials even on days when its not supposed to be tutorials. Only rule is no phones and don't talk over him. 9.5/10

Clause:Slightly strict on phones, but you are allowed to do what you want if you’re done with your work. Teaches the class well, haven’t had any problems with material, and even if you do, she’s willing to explain things to you. 9/10

Clause:She explained everything quite well (assuming she made the packets cuz she said she made the packets), easy to talk to, however she gets mad when her directions arent clear and you misunderstand or do smth (8/10)

Clause:Super chill if you do what you're supposed to be doing. Didn't have any problem with understanding her teaching. 8/10

Clause:Teaches well, chill, kind teacher, no bias whatsoever. 10/10

Clause:ir she was a really solid teacher (was taking a test in her class when we thought there was a school shooter that year and we all quietly hid in a corner for ~1.5 hours. she was pretty protective of us sitting by the door and pushing desks to block it n stuff and that was quite an unforgettable experience hhaha)
McAlee:One of my favorite math teachers I’ve had. She teaches kinda fast during lesson days which is good if you can focus but a little hard if you zone out, but  even if you do she’s literally always available to help you when you’re stuck. She recently started doing phone jail due to “needing to uphold the school policy,” but before that she didn’t care if you were on your phone as long as she wasn’t teaching and you understood the topic which is nice. 9/10

Sanchez-Vega:Omg i hate her sooooooo much, everything is bad, 0/10
